Accessibility Services
At this initial Welcome Meeting, accommodations will be determined on an individual basis while meeting with the student and reviewing current professional documentation.
If you have a temporary disability (i.e., broken extremity, other injury, illness, or medical complications resulting from pregnancy), that may last from a few weeks to a semester, you may be eligible for academic accommodations. Please contact our office to schedule a Welcome Meeting with an accessibility counselor.
Email :as@csueastbay.edu . Location: LI 2400. Timings: Monday- Friday (8:00AM -5:00PM)
 
Career Opportunities
Cal State East Bay offers a beautiful and inspiring setting for career exploration. With three spacious campuses nestled in the East Bay — one in Hayward with spectacular views of the San Francisco Bay, one in cosmopolitan downtown Oakland and the other in the scenic Concord foothillsOur staff and administrators are passionate about providing a rich and rewarding learning experience for all the students at Cal State East Bay. If you are interested in joining our dedicated team of professionals on https://www.csueastbay.edu/hr/
 
Office Of the President
Cathy Sandeen, Ph.D., MBA is an educational leader who is committed to continuing Cal State East Bay’s momentum in students’ social mobility, social justice and sustainability. As a two-time alumna of the California State University, she feels fortunate to work in a system that emphasizes access and opportunity.Email:cathy.sandeen@csueastbay.edu
 
Academic Advising
AACE is a one-stop center for both academic advising and career development. Counselors can help you understand and complete all General Education and graduation requirements, and also assist you with identifying career goals. AACE is located on the 2nd Floor, Student Service and Administration Building. Call (510) 885-3621 for an appointment. Visit the https://www.csueastbay.edu/aace/index.html to see the many services we offer including academic advising, major exploration, career tools and workshops, internships, jobs on campus and more!
Advising in your major: Department advisors and service centers in your college help you stay on course with the appropriate courses in the right sequence. If you are a junior or senior, you should contact the service center for your college  or your https://www.csueastbay.edu/academics/colleges-and-departments.html  for advising assistance in your major. 
Graduate Students: Graduate students can find academic and career advising through their home departments and through visiting AACE. Contact your academic department office for the name of your faculty advisor
 
Academic Calendar
You can find the academic calendar on https://www.csueastbay.edu/mycsueb/schedule-catalog.html
Academic Support Programs
Cal State East Bay offers a full range of study and support programs to assist students with successful completion of their course work. Tutoring services in math and writing, accelerated programs for working adults, and special programs for low income, first generation and former foster youth are among the many ways we support students earning their degrees. For all questions related to this, visit https://www.csueastbay.edu/academics/support-programs.html
 
International Programs
Developing intercultural communication skills and international understanding among its students is a vital mission of the CSU.  Students who study abroad acquire marketable international skills and global understanding.  CSUEB therefore encourages students to study abroad, welcomes international students to our university, and values partnerships with educational institutions around the world. For information visit https://www.csueastbay.edu/ip/index.html
 
Online Programs
Mission is to provide quality innovative support, technology, and infrastructure that inspires effective teaching and learning for online or hybrid courses and programs.
Vision is to inspire and reimagine responsible human learning.Find all online programs on https://www.csueastbay.edu/online/degree-programs/online-programs.html
 
Pioneer Dining
One of the most important things you can do is make a commitment to your health. Whether you are looking to eat healthier, more balanced meals, have food allergies or require a special diet, we have something for everyone.For dining hours : https://dineoncampus.com/csueb/spring-2021-hours. Get the menu from https://dineoncampus.com/csueb/whats-on-the-menu
 
Student Housing
The California State University, East Bay (CSUEB) Student Housing and Residence Life (SHRL) department in conjunction with the mission of the University and the Division of Student Affairs work to engage all residential students in their holistic development and academic success towards retention, graduation, and future endeavors. Student Housing and Residence Life works to sustain this mission by providing student-centered programs, services, and facilities that foster a safe, inclusive and vibrant residential learning community. For information on Student housing visit https://www.csueastbay.edu/housing/index.html
 
Emergency
Sign Up with AlertMe. AlertMe is Cal State East Bay’s alerting and warning service for students, staff, and faculty. It is activated to contact you when there is an immediate threat to safety or health affecting the campus community.
It is important that your emergency contact information on file with Cal State East Bay is current if the campus needs to contact your loved ones if you have an emergency. Student, faculty and staff can update their emergency contact information by going to MYCSUEB website. Please note: effective 12/03/18 Faculty and staff can update their emergency contact information .Contact University Police Department.CSUEB’s University Police Department (UPD) is available to respond to all requests for police services on the Hayward campus, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year. In an emergency, call 9-1-1. All other requests for the UPD, including safety escorts, crime prevention, and lost and found, can be directed to (510) 885-3791. The Concord Campus has police services during hours of operation. In an emergency, call 9-1-1. All other Concord Campus UPD requests should be directed to (925) 602-6737.
 
Health Centre
Virtual medical appointments are available Monday-Wednesday and Fridays from 9:00am-5:00pm, and WE ARE NOT offering in-person visits on Thursdays at this time.Virtual counseling services are available Monday-Friday from 9:00am-5:00pm. Group counseling, crisis intervention and individual therapy sessions are available daily. For appointment, call at 510-885-3735. 

Game Zone
Need a place to relieve your stress? Look no further! GameZone is located right next to Taco Bell in the Old University Union. The University Union’s own GameZone is comprised of the GameRoom, an indoor recreational room and the GameCave, a custom gaming room fully stocked with the latest consoles and HDTVs. Also hosting a large variety of tournaments from Call of Duty to Texas Hold 'Em, the GameZone provides a sense of community unlike any other. The GameZone operates an Equipment Rental counter where you can check out Pool Cues, Video Games, and even board games! Hours os Operation are Monday - Thursday 10 AM - 7 PM Friday 10 AM - 5 PM. Games like Air Hockey,Board Games,Football,Pool Tables,Shuffle Board and Video Games are available .For Questions contact at: gamezone@csueastbay.edu
 
Recreation and Wellness Services
Operated by Recreation and Wellness Services, the Recreation and Wellness Center (RAW) is designed and built to Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) Gold Standards and maintains green and sustainable practices. The RAW boasts 54,000 square feet of fitness, recreation, education, and administrative space complete with state-of-the-art equipment. The RAW also hosts the Wellness Center, a health education resource for students.
The RAW offers a number of recreation programs including intramural sports, group exercise, and personal training. The building contains many features for maintaining a healthy lifestyle, and Recreation and Wellness Services is dedicated to maintaining state-of-the-art facilities and equipment for its members.
Currently enrolled Cal State East Bay students may use the RAW at no additional cost, provided they have paid the quarterly UU/REC fee. Faculty, staff, alumni, community members and other affiliates can enjoy the RAW by purchasing an affordable membership. University employees can easily manage their membership by signing up for payroll deduction.

Levent Ertaul

A Professor and CS Chair under the Department of Computer Science. He has research interests in the areas Cyber Security & Privacy, Cyber War, Hacking Technologies, Cyber Security Policies, Computer Networks Security, Cryptology, Wireless Security, Cloud Security, International Governance of CyberSpace. Contacted through the Email: levent.ertaul@csueastbay.edu, Phone: (510) 885-3463


 
Lynne Grewe

A Professor under Department of Computer Science can be contacted through Email: lynne.grewe@csueastbay.edu Phone: (510) 885-4167 . Have research interests in Computer Vision, Machine Learning & Artificial Intelligence, Media in Social and Mobile Applications.   Interested in industry collaborations and consulting. In addition to teaching in research areas, She is  interested in computer science education and diversity in CS. Teaches the courses CS 23003 Computing & CS 40102 Software Engineering CS 65101 Web Systems CS 69302 Capstone Project


Professor of Websystem
Lynne Grewe is the professor of websystem Cs69302


Professor of CyberSecurity
Levent Ertual is the professor of Cybersecurity

Professor of Cloud Computing
Babak Esmaeili is the professor of Cloud Computing


Office Hours
Use this link: https://www.csueastbay.edu/cs/faculty-staff/office-hours.html
 
CS 623
Cloud computing theory and protocols.
 
Cloud Computing

Topics may include: Infrastructure/Platform/Software - as-a-service, cloud OS, architectures including Federated Clouds, principles of Virtualization platforms, security / privacy issues, Internet of things / data-intensive computing.  Programming projects and review of literature.
 
 
Route LotA
 
In 15 ft Take a right -> 140 ft Take a left -> 25 ft Take a right -> 60ft Take a slight right turn -> 390 ft Take a right -> 160 ft Take a left -> 40 ft Take a right -> 130 ft Take a left -> 240 ft Take a stairs on the right -> 200 ft Take a right -> 40 ft Take a left -> 250 ft Take a sharp left turn -> 150 ft Take a slight left turn onto W Loop Rd -> 80 ft Take a slight right turn -> 170 ft The destination is on your left.
 
 
University Library
The Lower Mall (aka First Floor) of the library is designated as the Collaborative Study Floor. Please feel free to gather your study group around our tables for a study session and please set your phones to vibrate and use headphones if you are listening/watching audio and video. 
The Upper Mall (aka Second Floor) is the Quiet Study Floor of the library. You can use this floor for individual study using one of our many study cubicles. Please set your phone to silent and use headphones with the audio and video set to a low volume to respect everyone’s quiet study. Collaborative study space is available on this floor in the Upper Mall Lobby, SCAA area, and group study rooms. Please be respectful and follow the same guidelines as you would in the other Collaborative Zones in the Library.




Book Textbook
Go to the library catalog. Search for the title of the book (example: "It's all for the kids". In your search results, click on the title of the book you're looking for. You'll see a page with detailed information about that specific book. If the Library has an e-book version of the book:You will see a link that says "View item" on the left side of the page. You'll be asked to login with your NetID/password. Once you're logged in, you should be able to view the e-book!  
If the Library has a print version of the book:You'll see information about which campus (Hayward or Concord), what location (Book Stacks, Reserves, etc.) and the call number of the book. The "Status" will say "Available" if the book is on the shelf and display a date if the book is checked out and due back in the future
 
Bay Card
Your Bay Card is your student ID / photo ID for campus, which you can use to print on campus, make purchases on campus,etc. The Bay Card website includes information on how all students can access their digital Bay Card.
Please note: students can follow the steps on the Bay Card website to get a physical Bay Card. New staff and faculty can also follow the steps on the Bay Card website to get a physical Bay Card. If you have any questions about these options, please contact the Bay Card Office at baycard@csueastbay.edu or (510) 885-CARD(2273). 
 
Books checked out
The Library will be extending the due dates for books from Cal State East Bay (CSUEB)'s regular book collection and/or from CSU+ until June 15, 2021.
Please note: The June 15, 2021 due date does not apply to books checked out from CSUEB Library's Reserves (Textbook) Collection, through our Interlibrary Loan service, or for students who are graduating during Fall 2020.
How to return books in person: You can return books to either the Hayward or Concord campuses and drop them in one of our book drops.
How to return CSUEB books to a different CSU Campus closer to your home: If you are not currently living near the Hayward or Concord campuses, you can return CSUEB and/or CSU+ books that you have checked out to another CSU Library, and that CSU Library will send those books back to CSUEB. 
How to return books by mail: You can mail books back to the CSUEB Libraries using the following address: 
University Libraries
C/O Access Services
25800 Carlos Bee Boulevard, Hayward, CA 94542
 
 
Print
There are printer/scanner/copiers available in the Library Learning Commons. Please view the Library's hours page to check when the printers in the Learning Commons are accessible. 
Printers are also available in the South Science (rooms 220 and 330), Arts and Education (room 1207), Meiklejohn (room 3122), and Valley Business & Technology Center (1st floor) buildings (see the Hayward campus map for locations).
How much does it cost: There is a charge of $0.08 per page for black and white, and $0.24 per page for color for using campus printers. You can visit the Bay Card website for more information about adding money to your Bay Card.
Wifi Printing: Wifi printing is available after downloading the appropriate drivers for your laptop. Please see the instructions here under Operating System Compatibility: https://www.csueastbay.edu/procurement/duplicating-services/pharos-print.html
 
Citation Tools
The Library provides access to EndNote Web, an online citation management tool. You can access EndNote Web through our Web of Science Database.
More help can be found on the Help and Tutorials page of EndNote Web. Additionally, you can use Zotero, a free citation management tool. Information about how to install and use Zotero is available here: https://library.csueastbay.edu/citation/zotero
 
Safari Books Online
Safari Books Online requires a different login method than other online Library resources. Here's how you access Safari Books Online: Click the drop down "Select Your University". Click "Not Listed? Click here" at the top (first option). Enter your CSUEB email. Next time you need to access a Safari ebook, click the "Already a user?" link and login with your csueastbay email.
 
Borrow Return
Requesting a laptop/wifi hotspot
We have a limited number of Hot Spots and Laptops for you to check out, on a first come, first served basis.
Please contact the Library Learning Commons at 510-885-4152 Monday thru Friday 10am to 4pm or email us at techelp@csueastbay.edu to schedule a pickup or shipping.  We need the full address and a telephone number.
Returning a laptop/wifi hotspot
If you'd like to return a laptop that you've borrowed, please email stsc@csueastbay.edu to either arrange a specific date and time to return the laptop to the Hayward campus or to request a return box be shipped to your home so that you can return the laptop by mail. 
Note: The Learning Commons staff can arrange a specific date/time with you for drop off between 10am - 4pm, Monday-Friday, starting January 4th. For more information, contact the Learning Commons at 510-885-4152  or  techelp@csueastbay.edu
 
Free Access
Yes! Cal State East Bay students can get free access to Microsoft 365, which includes Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, OneNote and Microsoft Teams. If you have questions, please contact the Library Learning Commons at 510-885-4152 or stsc@csueastbay.edu
Visit this page from Associated Students, Inc. for additional Software Deals for Students and Faculty: https://www.csueastbay.edu/asi/asi-services/free-software-offers.html
 
